## About 'EvaluationResults.mat'
EvaluationResults.mat is a 9x7 matrix. Each row shows one frame to frame matching result and each column repreents on perfermence item. The reseaon of why it has 9 rows please see our paper in the experiment part. But the orders of the rows in mat file and in the paper are different.


Set the methods are:
0, ours; 1, 3DFeatNet; 2, USIP


Each method has two parts: interetest point detection and descriptor


from row 1 to row 9:
0+0;
0+1;
0+2;
1+0;
1+1;
...
2+1;
2+2;


from column 1 t0 column 7:
RRE, stdRRE, RTE, stdRTE, success rate, inlier ratio, average iterations


## About the frame to frame matching results
The data used for generating 'EvaluationResults.mat' can be found in [Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1rlOtIw7v7HSDjI5VwFGfT2YKP-RgRlnj).


In the google drive folder:
- 'poses.zip' contains the ground-truth of poses for the 11 training sequences.
- 'poses_.zip' contains the poses generated by the compund methods. The files are named by 'FrameStep_InterestPointSource-FeatureSource_SequnceNumber.txt'. The index for the method source follows the sames rules in 'EvaluationResults.mat'.
- the folder 'Matchablities' contains the inlier_ratio and the trail_counts during the frame to frame matching of the 9 compund methods. The files are named using the same rules with 'poses_'.


## About the interest points and features generated by the three methods.
The output interest points and features from CAE-LO, 3DFeat-Net and USIP can be found in BaiduNetDisk:
https://pan.baidu.com/s/1HUsdw44DK_EcV98OFSUXPw (extraction code: xhdr)

The useage of the outputs follows the script 'GenerateTrajectory.m'.

